so this is homemade fireworks and I have
three chemicals here I have ammonium
nitrate
I have zinc dust and this is an ammonium
chloride so this is going to act as my
catalyst actually so what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna mix these three and then
I'm gonna add a couple drops of water
and that's gonna create the effect that
I want for my firework the ammonium
nitrate in particular is very dangerous
so as the zinc dust in terms of storage
you don't want to keep this next to
anything else there's a lot of different
things that can mix with it to form
explosives the zinc itself needs to be
steered away from water so so both of
these things are not something simple so
you don't want to try this if you're not
capable which probably means you want
the access to it anyways so when I first
do is take the three things just mix
them together don't want to mix and tell
you're ready for this to go because this
can get set off really easily if it's
set off by a drop of water okay so I'm
just going to pour those three things
together then we load the rest of it
ball out of the way and I'm going to
take the scoop eula used to measure this
out so I did eight grams of the ammonium
nitrate eight grams of the zinc metal
and then I've added a gram of the
potassium I'm sorry ammonium chloride
catalyst so let's give us a nice mixture
so really at any point this would be
easiest set off so just grinding it
together we need to be careful okay
let's try and put it back into kind of a
form and then let's put a little divot
there so when I add the water that's
actually gonna initiate this by reacting
with the zinc and that's going to
release enough heat to melt the ammonium
nitrate which will then be able to do
the restoration so where it's going a
couple drops then we got back up